Make some noise for yourself, you look so goddamn good tonight.
How do you feel?
Welcome to the first inaugural show here, we're so fucking happy to be here.
This session of Harmontown is now in full effect.
Welcome to the stage, Spencer Crittenden.
The mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Show him some love.
Thank you.
I am Brandon Johnson, I will be guest comptrolling for the lovely Jeff Davis.
I'm nervous, I don't want to blow it, Jeff Davis.
Big jerk shoes, he wasn't here for the premiere.
He knew this was coming for months and then he's out there fucking Ryan Styles or whatever.
I thought he was on the BET Kings of Comedy tour.
We were going to do, I don't want to start on a sour note.
I don't want to start on a more sour note than starting without music.
Sorry about that, that was a little awkward.
It was all quiet, it was like church.
That's why we wore this outfit.
We're going to be working out some kinks.
And then we're going to be bringing out the kinks.
What?
What was it?
Well, I know, okay, so not to start off on a sour note, but we were going to, you know, we were waiting.
We kept waiting to play a new...
We kept waiting, oh yeah.
Why do that at Meltdown?
You know, why would we do that at Meltdown?
Oh, I don't want to wait until the big day.
Right.
Like a week ago, Jeff was like, oh, I forgot, I got a show for a month or whatever, he's just gone.
So it's like, yeah, it's just the worst.
And it's just, it's just, it's just, that's what Burbank's about.
It's about sadness and...
We're just underneath five freeways and...
Whose idea was it to move to this awful location?
We could go to Ikea.
It was my idea.
Because hopefully the live stream experience is a little more friendly.
Oh, great.
Thanks, Dan.
That's what we love, the people that pay to come see the show.
We want to make sure that the live stream is...
There was a guy that tweeted...
I don't know, I don't know.
Not that I want to, like, grease the stinky wheels, but there was a guy that tweeted in response to us tweeting out that we were going to be here.
He said, I can't remember what his wording was.
Oh, man.
It was like, oh, great.
Following the Cookie Cutter podcast track, I see...
What?
Are you co-opting your animation studio's extra building for a location to shoot it out of?
The old cookie cutter.
The old cookie cutter path.
In podcasting.
What do you say?
It was something like that.
That guy is so grumpy.
How do you get that grumpy?
Is he just like...
Where do you get the impression of the cookie cutter podcast path?
How can a path be cookie cutter?
It sounds delicious.
It sounds like a thing.
All right, so I'll be calling out some notes because we have to live test the venue and stuff.
First things first.
I don't know if this is going to work.
This is blinding me.
But I guess there's always going to be lights.
The second thing is that, you know...
Yes, there's always going to be lights.
Let's not get too cocky.
There might not always be lights.
Yay.
Well, with the Santa Ana's blowing through, how about that weather, L.A.?
What kind of podcast is this?
How about the weather?
What is he looking at?
What's he looking at on his phone?
Is his agent calling?
Is he telling him, great job?
Why is he being self deprecating?
He moved his podcast here.
Is the cookie cutter a podcaster?
This is weird to say, but I feel more at risk of being shot here than the last venue.
I don't know what that is.
That's so racist.
I'm so sorry about that.
You're the one that bought a gun.
That's how racist it is.
We have to move all the way to Burbank to find out Spencer's racist.
You just mean, yeah, just clearer shots.
Yeah, I don't know. Maybe it's just that thinking that it's like a place of nerd dumb puts you at ease or something.
I don't know, but just, oh man.
Yeah, I guess it feels more like a town hall now.
So somebody could walk up the middle aisle and say, get your hand out of my pocket.
Now I really will be racist and ask you, do you know what that was about?
What did that mean?
That is the thing that the FBI agent yelled to cause a distraction in the back of the hall when Malcolm X was speaking.
It was actually confirmed that the guy, because I saw Malcolm X in the movie and all I saw was a guy just started yelling that out.
It didn't say like, this is an FBI agent or anything or maybe I was mine crafting during the movie.
But is that like, what? I'm continuing to be racist by going to you as if you're some kind of like Malcolm X movie expert.
You watched it nine times. Come on. This was your ghostbusters.
Malcolm X was my uncle.
This was your gremlins too.
This was your ghostbusters.
I think I probably watched it once back when it was like on a pay-per-view.
I found myself very confused by that scene.
It smacked of like, oh, there must have been mass chaos and there's like accounts of people saying different stuff and that Spike Lee was just being faithful to the confusion.
Because it was just a confusing thing.
It was organized confusion.
It was so that everyone would be diverted to the guys who were arguing and then no one would see the shooters.
All right. But they grabbed that guy that said, get your hand down the way pocket.
Goddamn, that was February?
All right.
This wasn't on my list of things to talk about anyway.
I really am finding out. This election has really made me aware of how racist I am.
I gave you some black nerd shit just in keeping.
Oh, that's good. Thank you.
That's one of those weird facts that, like, nerds, no.
All right.
I just, what the fuck is this thing? Let's do it.
So for those of you just listening, oh my god.
I have to suit fool you.
For those of you only listening and not looking, again, you can look for $5 a month.
But also, I'm not going to turn my back on you if you're just listening.
So I'll tell you, there's a plastic wrapped, a polka dot plastic wrapped six foot tall human sized gift on the stage that was brought by,
does anyone want to identify themselves as the gift bringer?
You're both the gift, you're dual gift bringers.
What are your names? Can I ask?
I'm Spencer.
Fuck.
Spencer and Zoe.
This sucks.
Do you want me to just open it up here? Is that okay?
Or do you want me to open it privately?
Or do you want to help me open it?
Okay.
There's a ribbon.
At the top.
You can just undo it.
You don't need the knife.
Okay.
All right.
You don't need the knives, Brandon.
You don't need the knife.
There's a second.
Oh shit.
There's a mannequin.
It's got paper flowers over its privates and it's wearing a panty hose.
Brandon just cocked the chest right.
No shoes.
That's good.
They know what I like.
She's not wearing high heels because I like comfortable women.
I don't know if you know that about that.
No high heels?
I love sleepy, comfortable women.
I like Ugg boots or nice flats.
And then of course, tights or stockings because women are very comfortable in those.
Now we have this.
Thank you, Zoe and Spencer.
This is very thoughtful and probably a great deal of work.
Thanks for giving me more.
Okay.
Thank you.
There's a hosiery to go with it.
It's dream girl brand.
One size fits most, it says, at the bottom.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, this is making me...
Thank you and good night.
Thank you so much.
You're such thoughtful people.
I got to say, we did our last show.
And so there'll be other people brought gifts to that as well.
And one of the people brought a...
It was like a slightly scaled down.
It wasn't the same sizes in the Christmas story, but it was like one of those...
It was a replica leg lamp with the fish net on it.
But he...
This is like how you know you've really found your audience.
Like after doing a show for five years, he put a little pant leg over it to not objectify
it in public.
Like it had a little tasteful slack around it for public.
Which is, you know, because he didn't want to trigger people next to you.
He didn't want to like brandish it around.
Like, look at me.
This is what I think your standard should be.
He just...
Trigger.
He put a little leg tarp on it.
I was going to say burka, but then I was like, no.
Then you'll get in trouble because you don't know how to use that term properly.
You'll hurt somebody.
Has anybody watched that show?
Patriot?
You guys watch that show on Amazon?
That's pretty cool.
What do you mean, do you watch it in the present tense?
It's just a thing that just sits there on the internet.
That's how TV is now.
You just go...
Has anybody gone and turned over that Amazon rock and like taken just whatever you want
from underneath it?
It's appointment viewing.
It's a little...
But it's great.
I watched like...
I watched the whole show.
I really like it.
It's a bad podcast, but Patriot's great.
You should go watch it.
Well, we got some stuff.
Yeah.
So, all right.
This is the one thing I wanted to talk about, and then I'll bring my guest up.
I know you're going to be like...
Some people are going to be like, oh, what's the big deal?
Or maybe there's press here.
Maybe variety came.
I don't know.
I'm like, oh, what's my angle on this piece?
Dan Harmon takes streaming to the mainstream or something.
I don't know.
But there's going to be judgment from each other.
But I just like...
Your boogers get like...
I feel like 90% of my waking hours are spent picking my nose now.
If you've found that you get more boogers as you get older,
and you have to...
It's like an air filter.
It clogs faster.
And so it gets a little bit like, oh, you spend 10 seconds when you're 6 years old.
You spend 10 seconds picking your nose,
and you're like bummed out when you're done.
And...
Why are you bummed out?
Because you're a kid and you love boogers,
and you're like, hey...
Oh, no, now I'm going to breathe clearly for another two days
until I get enough boogers to have fun with.
And then just cut to you just like...
You're like twice a movie.
I'm like, more?
Like...
This is just awful.
Is that because you're growing more hair in your nose?
Boom.
More hair.
Is that because your body knows that you're becoming more vulnerable to death?
And so it's just like, it's just throwing the cheapest solution at it,
just going like, just don't let anything in.
Get off my microbiotic lawn.
Your body becomes against you at a certain age,
and it makes us look fucking ridiculous.
It makes us the people we used to laugh at.
Yeah.
Remember when you were a kid, you were like, you were this high
so you could see up in the old people's noses,
and you were like, look at this old boogernose motherfucker trying to give me advice.
Never going to be this motherfucker.
And then today.
Did I talk last time about that documentary,
the Texas University shooting, the sniper guy,
there's like a movie out.
Did I talk about that last time?
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, this is related.
The boogers.
It's really cool.
I can't remember what it's called, but you should check it out.
I don't know where you can find it,
but again, just go flip some rocks over and Google it, whatever.
It's just laying there.
But it's a kind of like second by second witness account, multiple witnesses.
Everybody, survivors of this, what was it in the 70s,
the Texas University guy went up in the clock tower,
and he just started.
He shot like 30-something people.
Many of them lived.
Many of them died.
And the ones that lived, obviously, are the ones telling the story.
But they did this thing.
They did this kind of like thing that almost made me turn it off,
because it was like this kind of like waking life,
what's that movie called?
The rotoscopy like vectory kind of thing.
And thank you.
Our guest, our guest is champing at the bit to get up here.
And you figured it out who the guest is.
And they're like, he's a guest?
You call him a guest now?
It's just like when Buddy Hackett was on Carson,
it was just like, okay, who can we get?
Okay, but...
You are going to pay for that.
But the thing is, so then you realize as it goes,
and you should keep watching it,
because it just continually gets more and more enthralling
and heartbreaking and terrifying and interesting.
And there's heroic stories, and there's also people going.
And that's when I realized I was a coward,
which is really just as uplifting and interesting to hear.
But all of the people were like the age they were during the incident.
And I realized it's because we're agist.
They hired actors, like 25-year-old actors,
and animated interviews so that they weren't necessarily
just having fake people on video.
So they kind of split the diff, I think.
This is my assumption of why they were doing this, artistically.
But they were doing this rotoscopy thing of younger people
reading the accounts of the people that have survived it.
And then they start cutting to the people toward the end
and revealing that those people are still alive
and that this was their story.
They're all, of course, 30, 40 years older.
And it really dawns on you.
You're like, oh, now I see why they did that,
because we don't like old people.
We don't believe that there are people,
I'm including myself among them at this point,
but it was like melting people telling you,
well, then this thing that really happened, it was real bad.
And you're just like, yeah, that's what you rock lords always say.
You're always referring to how life was rocky.
Everything's made of granite and flint.
Everyone looks like Michael Chickless in an oven.
The ears are the same size as their head,
and the lobes are resting like epaulets on their shoulder pads.
And their teeth are old baseballs signed by Mickey Rooney.
Mickey Mantle.
Which means they got that when they were very young,
and he was still a child star.
But it was really effective, because they include the images of the old people,
and so it really brings you to the precipice of realizing that.
And then you're like, yeah, it seems like a dumb thing to have to remind yourself,
but 65-year-old people were once 25,
and they were probably pretty hot when they were,
and you probably, therefore, really listened to everything they said.
You're like, man, I want a soda pop!
And you're like, whoa, that's amazing, Brittany!
And then she's later just like, I want a soda pop!
And you're like, we can fuck you, yeah.
Like, piece of shit.
Get back in your whole grandma's.
You piece of un-fuckable shit!
You offend me!
It's true.
We really blame people.
We blame, we blame, when women get pregnant,
we look at them as like, oh, you're glowing,
we're like pregnant, but you can't work here, get out of here, go home!
No, you can't get paid while you're at home having a baby,
you fucking gross baby-maker.
And then as we all get older, like, you old fuck,
you gross piece of shit.
We worship youth, and when are you the youngest,
when you're fucking stupid, like, we're kind of like,
we split the difference, like, oh, I love 25-year-olds,
but really, you know, you can tell from our culture,
but I really like a nice 19-year-old.
Oh, shit.
You know.
It's like, you don't know nothing when you're that age,
and so those people have all the capitalistic power.
We're like, what do you think?
What do you think about the weather today?
Oh, it was brand new.
He's right, he's right, it's never happened this weather.
We used to have that respect for old people
when we were cavemen, because they looked at melty people,
and they'd be like, dude, it's melting.
Like, do you know how many saber-toothed tigers
he hasn't been bitten by?
Yeah, but you know, old people kind of got mean
and sent us off to war, so it changed the shit, maybe.
Yeah.
Because when I see an old person, I'm like,
you fucking did acid and fucked up the country for us.
Yeah.
That's the generation.
Yeah, there was the silent generation,
the greatest generation of the baby boomers.
Right.
Beetles and fake butter and AIDS.
That was our reference to the community
and the community Christmas episode,
where they'd say, and I believe one of those things,
Donald Glover helped out with that.
He came up with fake butter and AIDS, I think.
Donald was, he was really going places back then.
It's a shame to see these kids waste their future, you know.
I wish she would have stayed after that.
Just fell in the wrong crowd.
A bunch of rappers.
I told them, I told them,
is it Donald that we're going to regret this
not moving to Yahoo with us?
Where are you going?
To rap.
Ha!
Atlanta.
Who's ever heard of the place?
Go ahead, make your silly show.
Ha ha ha, Donald Glover.
I'll see you again, my friend.
Kicking on my door in the rain.
Please, one more season, sir.
Can we do it for Alta Vista?
Does crack, does crack to have a discretionary fund?
We could shoot it in your apartment.
Ha, I don't know, Donald, I'll think about it.
What am I looking at?
I'm not looking at anything.
I'm trying to find my notes and I'm a little nervous
because it's my, let's try out some of the technology.
Spencer, tell people, oh, let's bring up Rob Schwab.
Rob Schwab, ladies and gentlemen, Rob Schwab.
She's got a backpack on.
Careful, careful.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
Why is there a mirror under her?
It's like a mirror under her.
He's wearing a backpack.
Will you talk to people for a second?
What are you going to do?
The backpacks are the only way we could power the show.
You want me to talk to people while you go backstage for a second?
No, I was just going to...
Oh, for people listening, we have to,
something we can't, we tried to clear the mannequin
and I ended up fondling the legs and I...
That's it, that's it.
It's good to be here.
How are you?
I'm nervous, I'm happy to be here.
How was your week?
What?
I'm not doing good, guys.
You got a case of the Ds.
I got the Ds, man.
I don't know, this writer strike is scaring me.
I mean, we were talking about it backstage.
That's going to suck, man, but it can't work.
You've got to do it to stay solid.
This setup, it's such a big stage, but it's just full of stuff.
We're going to figure it out.
Okay, good.
Thank God you brought the really comfortable chairs.
Alright, so we're going to do this in real time.
So somebody tell me, how do I hook my thing up to the thing?
Can you use a deeper voice?
I'll shut you right up.
Okay, now I've got to tell you about an hour before the show
are dimmer blue, so we can't dim the lights,
which might make it hard to view a projection.
How is dimmer?
Alright, so this is...
We're going to try it.
We're just trying it.
Alright.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, shit.
This isn't the writer's room.
Come on.
This is my Minecraft world.
I'm playing a Skyblock mod pack.
Now, if you're listening to the free version of the podcast,
again, $5 a month, but also...
You know, I'm not going to...
I just want to try out some of the visual stuff.
Get the gold!
Get the fucking gold!
I'm going to use my jet pack, so I want to show you guys one thing.
Now, it was just nighttime, and now it's daytime.
Can you explain what happened?
I right clicked on the bed, and the sun came out.
Great.
Alright, Spencer, look at my wither farm.
Oh, yeah.
You were talking to Cody about this on Instagram.
Oh, that's right, yeah.
Okay, so these are refined storage constructors.
And then over here is a refined storage system,
and I have soul sand in there.
So soul sand is going to...
What happened?
I just feel my life just draining away.
That's the soul sand.
And then these are placers,
and they have little tiny wither skeleton skulls in them.
You know what?
This is too cool for you guys.
So those things make a wither?
Those things make a wither.
If you play Minecraft,
then you know that when you get soul sand...
They love withers.
Don't encourage a T-formation.
If you stack up soul sand in this T-formation,
and then you place wither skeleton skulls on top,
it creates a wither,
which is the most dangerous creature in all of Minecraftia.
And it's called a wither.
And these are placers, so I can do it remotely.
The wither skeleton skulls are in here.
This is all wither-proof obsidian block.
Wither-proof.
Make it do.
So then over here,
I have a switch.
It's a 10-second self-resetting lever.
It goes down to conduit here.
Do you want to explain the redstone logic
that controls this self?
Just think of redstone as like electricity.
So this is redstone conduit,
so this lever is going to activate,
is going to send energy down these things,
and it's going to split to the left and the right.
On the left, it's going to go over here
and up to these placement things
that's going to place wither skeleton skulls
on top of the soul sand.
And then on the right,
this is going to make a force field
over the top of this,
but it has to do it after the wither gets created
and falls down below the force field level.
So I used a mod called...
Of course.
Super...
Does anybody have another mannequin?
Did they want to bring up it?
This is a small circuit I made.
There's a mod where you can make your own circuits
and you can get really elaborate,
but all this does is it sets a little tiny delay in there,
like a five-second delay.
Tiny delay.
So, with one lever pull,
what you're going to see happen,
I don't know if we have...
Wait, wait, wait.
Everyone in the audience,
we got to say pull that lever.
Okay.
Okay, on three.
Well, wait, wait, wait.
If you want sound,
you got to change the source in your audio.
Don't listen to them.
I'm just so worried that
anything in this laptop is going to...
Okay.
Do we have money for this?
Decimator?
Do we have enough time in the show?
The thing is,
it's hard to know what sounds like what.
I don't hear any sounds.
These guys would be buying and moving.
These are my animals.
That's a cow.
And even clucking, if I understand.
That's a chicken.
This stuff's, you know,
I don't probably...
This may be for another day.
These are generating cobble and flint and sand
and they're each going through all the things
and then they pass it off to the next thing
and then, you know, there's just a lot of...
You get iron and stuff.
You guys don't care.
I got a pull the lever.
Okay.
All right.
So here's...
Not yet!
What have I done?
Because you have to know what to look for.
Because it doesn't look like much.
There's going to be a wither.
I have to tell you what's happening
so that you can be impressed.
But really, there's no...
There's no sound.
I don't...
Because the wither makes this crazy sound when it gets created.
All right, whatever.
I'm going to pull the lever.
He did try changing it to decimator.
I just have to be really careful because...
Because it'll explode.
Or headphones?
12%.
Oh, try headphones.
No, it's not going to be headphones.
Well, who cares?
Let's figure this out.
They can hear it.
The cheers are outweighing the noise.
Don't change that much.
Yeah, no, you got the noise.
Yeah, them some cows, baby.
Oh, no!
Testing the sound.
You lost the audience.
All right.
Okay.
Mercy for animals.
The wither's going to get created.
It's going to fall down.
I'm going to go down here so you can watch it.
It's going to be in there.
And then...
Oh, shit, yeah, we're running out of power.
All right, let's do it.
Well, I just want to tell you, though, that...
It's going to...
It's also...
There's more down here because after the wither dies...
Oh, shit, low battery.
Get my...
Get my power!
Let's get Schrab up here.
Come on, let's...
Let's get Schrab up here, really.
Let's start the show.
Imagine being on, like, the Tonight Show.
All right, let's...
Here comes Alec Baldwin.
Sit down.
Talk about something completely different.
All right.
Play a game, ignore him.
I think it's time to pull that lever.
Okay, see it?
They're creating the wither.
Okay, now he's falling down.
Go to the wither.
Now watch the force field.
The force field's there.
It's protecting me.
You should have made a lighter coat first.
Wait.
He's down there.
He's bleeding out.
Oh, he got mortalized.
And now it's going to...
The stuff he drops goes into this chest,
and then the chest has an import bus on it,
and then it goes to this computer,
and there it is, a delicious nether star.
He got a nether star!
Woo!
Okay, and now there's another thing I wanted to share.
Not Minecraft related.
Dan was actually really cool.
That was super cool.
At first I thought it was boring,
but it really got me after a while.
I just really got engaged.
Dan?
Okay, so if you're listening at home...
This is called friendship.
It's a presentation.
It's a powerpoint.
I just want to make sure...
If you're listening at home and you're like,
oh, so the podcast is always going to be so visual,
now I'm never going to listen.
First of all, here's the smallest violin
for your lack of money.
You would be able to see it
if you paid $5.
But that's not why I'm doing it.
I'm not trying to blackmail you into...
I like that you cut your carrots
and are poor and want to listen to something.
I like being in your ears.
I got to cut them carrots.
Schrab, you going to feel bad for all the stuff?
You said when you see this video.
Yeah, so Schrab, look,
I know I've tried to whip together
a powerpoint up in the green room,
and I took pictures of you,
because I wanted to do a quick powerpoint.
Friends are friendly.
The R is for really friendly, whatever.
I bailed on that.
It's a chart that's a number of letters and friends.
So I gave up.
Here's Schrab, my best friend.
Here's a picture I took of him with his mouth open.
And then...
This is the end of my slideshow,
because the key to friendship
is understanding.
Schrab, do you remember the thing
that you made for me?
Yeah.
I said this to...
I said this to Neil to...
It's like, hey, do you need a title sequence
for the Harmontown documentary?
Yeah.
I think I got it covered.
Here's what he sent me.
I thought that would have worked.
All right, I think I'm going to...
That'll be it.
That's enough visuals for tonight.
It sounded like the action news soundtrack.
All right, all right.
So, well...
I feel so exposed.
All right, so now we have like
an hour and a half more to fill.
I feel so exposed.
Schrab, who's playing?
Schrab.
I feel so exposed.
Schrab, who's backpack is that?
Huh?
That's not your backpack, is it?
My backpack, I'm going to third hour.
Oh.
You came up with a backpack just to...
You thought that would be enough to just make fun of me
for wearing my backpack up on stage.
It seemed to work.
I don't know if anybody...
You're talking about it.
I don't even like to...
We'll figure out what we're doing up here.
Let me take a look at my notes.
Okay.
I really thought I'd be able to air play stuff
for my phone and show you pictures of my dogs.
That's what I keep saying, is like...
The dream.
That's the big dream, pictures of my dogs.
But we'll just do a regular show.
Because what we've got right now is the HDMI plug
and we've enjoyed the hell out of that.
Brandon, do you don't sit down
when you control?
I never know what's going to happen.
I might have to run out of here.
Um...
Burbank.
Brandon, I didn't understand
the ending of the...
All right.
While you do that, I'm going to turn my chair around.
Wait, where is that?
Are you sick cool?
I keep finding...
So cool, sick cool.
All right. Okay.
All right. So these are the only things
I have to talk about tonight.
The idea of getting
naked because you're so high.
Yeah.
Like, you always hear stories about that?
Like, somebody gets...
They smoke so much crack
or they do so much acid that they...
They take off...
Rob's going to die.
They take off all their clothes
and, like, what...
Like, if you...
I can understand trying that,
but, like, if it didn't work,
wouldn't you put your clothes back on right away?
I think, eventually, they do.
Yeah. All right. Moving on.
Are you...
Are you worried about what you're going to do
when you get to that moment of being high?
Yeah, I don't... Well, I just don't think
I would ever get so high that I would take off all my clothes.
Well, let me...
The second time I got high,
I showed my friend my dick.
Let us all settle in for this.
It was the second time I got high
and we were in my friend's car
and I showed him my dick.
Did he... Was he asking?
No.
Was it... Was it, like, the beginning
of the Twilight Zone movie
where Dan Akraed goes,
hey, you want to see something really scary?
And you turn around
and you pull out your dick and it's all blue
with white hair.
Did it say, thanks for getting me high
and Sharpie on it or something?
And there was, like, a comedy
whistle noise.
Was there something wrong?
Like, were you asking for advice?
No, no, I was giving him advice in a way.
Like, what to do with your dick?
Yeah.
Show it.
Yeah, check this out.
Was it... Was it...
erect? No, no.
That was why it was funny, probably.
I don't want to analyze myself in that moment.
It's a different punchline.
Yeah.
If you show your friend a hard dick.
The first time you got high
did you think, I'm going to...
I can't do it yet, but I'm going to do it.
The first time I got high, I whipped
down my dick and then I was like,
no, no, not yet, and I put it away.
And I didn't tell anybody.
Sharp, why don't you...
I'm not showing you my dick.
You be Spencer's friend
and I'll be Spencer.
You're driving.
You know, it's just like, you know,
my mom and dad don't understand
what I'm trying to say with my life.
Oh, yeah.
You know what?
I mean, that's why I hang out with you
and what I'm trying to do.
Oh, yeah, I got all the...
Man, I got so much understanding.
It's crazy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, uh...
You mind if...
Sorry, left or right here?
Turn left, but then...
Okay.
I've got some advice for you.
Bring it on, bro.
Zip.
And...
Spencer.
Yeah.
Your dick is beautiful.
Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
Let's take it easy.
Do you know why I pulled you over?
Oh, God.
Keep your hands up.
We don't want to get shot.
Why?
It's a flashing zone.
I don't know, I don't know.
Take a look at his cock.
It's gorgeous.
Insane.
Yeah, yeah.
I wasn't sure if we should end it.
Thank you, thank you.
There's a...
But there's a post-credits sequence.
There's a blooper reel.
Sam Jackson is back in Spencer's kitchen.
Oh, so you showed your dick, huh?
Yeah.
We'll get ready for a wild ride next summer.
That's the last movie I ever saw in a theater.
The Iron Man.
Millennials.
It was called The Iron Man.
I liked The Iron Man.
I'll take two for
the Iron Man.
I'm still working on some kinks in my home automation system.
One of my dreams
is to have a nice little house
and be able to control...
the speakers and stuff in every room
and blah, blah, blah.
So there's multiple audio sources.
One of the audio sources is an iPod.
In case the Internet goes out, it's got a little iPod
that's full of music.
There's a laptop, and it's like,
you know, all that Apple crap.
Everything syncs together.
So the iPod, and I've been meaning to fix this,
but the iPod just has all my voice memos on it.
Which I record all my therapy sessions.
Fuck.
Not a good idea.
That sounds bad.
And so I just looked today
because I was like trying to play
the sneakers soundtrack,
which Danny Jelladette gave me as a gift.
Because you can't get it online.
There's no sneakers soundtrack on Spotify.
It's a good soundtrack.
Remember, you gave me the CD in the 90s
in Milwaukee, and I lost it.
Wyndon Marcellus.
Brandon?
Brantford?
Was it Marcellus?
Marcellus Wallace.
So I'm listening.
I'm like, oh, can I play this?
There's no CD player anymore.
It's a Blu-ray player, and then I'm like
looking at the different menus and things.
It's like, oh, I'm going to play this
sneakers soundtrack everywhere.
And then I see, and you know how
would you find out your zipper's been open?
But you said you have no idea how it could have been days
that your zipper was...
If you wore your pants that long, yeah.
Yeah.
It's like, I look and I see lit up.
It's like, the back patio
is playing my iPod.
Oh, no.
Is it playing your therapy out to your neighbors?
Yeah.
And like, you know,
and like, drunken fights
I'd have with my ex-wife, you know?
Like where we'd go.
You would go to your therapist drunk
and record it? No, no, no.
I record all my therapy sessions.
I'm just listing the other and bear it.
There's a lot of like community ADR.
It's like me going like,
cool, cool, cool.
You know, like doing multiple takes
of like, like, like dings or Rick and Morty lines
or something that like, I'm handing to an editor
to like, scratch in.
And then interspersed with that, it's like,
eight-minute sound files that are like...
I'm not yelling at you!
Yes, you are! You're always yelling!
Ah!
I'm recording, you know!
Go ahead, I'm recording you!
Oh, no.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
I'm hanging in my backpack.
But I don't really know.
And you're like, I'm going to record this
because it's going to make me look like a real hero.
Yeah, no, I don't.
Because we're both drunk.
We're both, you know, like...
Oh!
Let me get out my phone!
Well, that's something a drunk person does.
Memo?
If you're drunk and you're in a fight with another drunk person,
like you're both thinking like you're like,
totally stone cold sober and like,
you're yourself right now.
I'm going to Hasselhoff's daughter you so hard.
Yeah.
And then you get up the next morning
and you're like, okay!
Let's listen to it together.
Let's listen to it.
Let's just listen to it.
No, no, no.
Do your neighbors treat you differently?
Has any shit gone down?
Oh, you were like, what if you woke up the next morning?
Oh, no, I don't...
How long it was playing?
I don't know if it played anything specific.
I didn't hear anything blaring for the speakers.
And I think our neighbors are full of shit!
Yeah.
Those neighbors over there
with their trees
growing shade on my lawn
causing the sun
to not grow my grass.
All right, let's do a segment.
My neighbors...
I keep thinking we're going to be cutting to
like some puppet show over here
with this...
Lady Elaine's going to come out of the attic
and go, hello, Dan!
Let's do a segment.
Get a sound cue ready.
We'll do a segment.
This is an old classic.
Things that Dan has to complain about
that he can't really complain about
without sounding like a dick.
And he said...
When you're 44
and you have money
your problems are different
than when you were 20
until
when you are also an attention
or it's hard to complain
about the stuff that makes you mad
because all the people listening
are poor and sad.
I really got my finger in the pulse.
Yeah.
Okay, so here's the thing.
I'm sick and tired
of doing these...
these...
Cosby Impressions!
I'm sick.
I'm not doing any more
interview requests for publications
that are part of a roundup where they're like,
yeah, everybody sound in
about your favorite genre.
I never get chosen.
I spend hours on my quotes
and email them in and they never use me.
They're just using me to like
get Joss Whedon to say he'll do it.
Are you the gateway to Joss Whedon?
No, I'm not the... Yeah, that's why I paused in my throat.
I just mean like,
they're using me to maybe he'll go like,
oh, gross, I'll do that.
I don't know why he would do that.
Are you telling me you're waiting to talk on topics
and these people have not reached out?
Wait, no, I'm saying like...
I lost you.
I'm just saying like,
that's because it's an unrelatable thing
that only I can complain about.
When your publicist calls you
and says like, oh...
You know when your publicist calls you
and your publicist calls...
Hey Dan, this is your publicist.
Hey, do you want to do this thing?
Joss Whedon is going to do it.
Will you do it?
Yeah, it's...
What do you like?
The self-deprecation buttress?
Yes.
Your yes-and-ing self-deprecation?
This is me, I'm the self-deprecation buttress.
Hey, Joss Whedon won't do this.
Will you do this?
Will you be on the $10,000 pyramid
with, uh,
SuperSales
and Peewee Harmon?
Will you get on Peewee Harmon
with SuperSales?
Hey Dan Harmon, I'm your publicist.
Oh! Oh, I'm...
I'm going through a tunnel.
I'm sorry, Dan. I'm sorry, Dan.
You're breaking up, Dan. I'm your publicist.
I'm going through a tunnel.
Hey, did you get that?
Did you get that email?
You never ruled me back.
Anyway, Joss Whedon won't do this.
Will you do it?
Joss Whedon won't do it.
You know who else won't do it?
A lot of other people.
Hey, Chris Pratt won't call me anymore.
He won't call me anymore.
He doesn't call me.
Chris Pratt won't call you anymore?
Chris Pratt does not call me anymore.
He does not call me anymore.
He does not like my Instagram pictures.
Why are you...
You're a publicist. Why do you have an Instagram at all?
I mean, except for your personal life.
Why do you want Chris Pratt to...
I have a personal life and I want to Instagram it.
And I have that right.
And I'm going through a tunnel right now.
You see, you're...
It would just...
Be nicer to my...
If you want to be famous,
why did you become a publicist?
Why would you apparently live in a tunnel?
That's...
That's where all the food is.
I'm hungry. I'm starving.
You could...
A publicist is supposed to...
Don't open your laptop.
I am, because I want to...
I just want to...
Because you're being a dick and I want to show...
I am not a...
Just wait. Don't broadcast anything yet,
because I'm so scared that my laptop's going to have...
It's more for other people than for me.
You don't have to bring on this laptop.
Just don't...
You're not broadcasting anything, right? Okay.
Alright, just let me find something...
You're not broadcasting anything.
Well, whatever.
You don't have to make me feel like a piece of shit.
So Rob...
Rob, you were going through a tunnel.
I'm going through a tunnel.
Thank you.
It's a long tunnel.
There's no light at the end of it.
You...
You just have the two clients or...
I have two clients.
One is my Instagram account.
What do you mean?
Create...
It has to be created.
You can't just...
What do you mean?
Now's the time to figure it out.
Just take a second.
Holy shit.
Wow, that fast and furious movie
is really lighting up the box office mojo.
Fate and the Furious.
More like Great Date and the Furious.
You're right.
That's a good first date, Fate of the Furious.
Hey. Hey.
Sasha, would you like to go on Fate
and the Furious with me?
It's our first date.
Oh, hide sidebar. There we go.
Hide sidebar.
OK.
Spencer, you're Sasha.
Oh, sure.
All right.
We're standing in line to see the fate of the Furious.
Hey, hey, would you like some...
I lost it again.
Popcorn?
Sure, and I'll have a soda as well.
We'll have a popcorn and soda, please.
Welcome to AMC.
OK, we're not even in yet.
All right.
But I'll remember your request.
Sir, welcome to AMC.
Sir and ma'am.
Let's hear it now.
Ma'am, I can't look your date in the eye, sir.
Please don't.
Welcome to AMC.
We say that in every part of the interaction.
Sasha, you're beautiful.
You're so beautiful.
Thank you for going out on a date. I'm desperate.
All right, you can bring out...
I'm just going to show some photos for those of you listening.
We'll come back to Sasha and Schrab
on a date seeing Fate of the Furious
after these messages.
It's a gun store.
That's a photo of me buying my gun.
There's my gun.
Oh, no!
I'm trying to kill something.
I still haven't picked it up.
America!
Oh, it's better that you haven't picked it up yet.
Crossing America!
Pacific Dining Car in Burbank
has yellow mustard.
They put it on the table.
I told you I should have picked it up.
Okay, so that's...
That's how I was trying to make
my Mass Effect character.
I got the gray afro.
This is the best I could do.
Can we get more light here?
Like right here, is there a spotlight
that we could put on the screen?
No, that's the opposite.
That's my Mass Effect character.
Okay, there's nights on.
That's the picture I took
when I was really high at an Easter barbecue.
And I...
I was like, look at the leaves.
Kind of looks like Abraham Lincoln.
There's me in a beard and a suit
and there's the dogs.
I had to watch this while jerking off.
This is a guy testing my intercom system
and he was down there all day.
That's right next to my bed
and so I was jerking off.
Sophia Cleans, you were jerking off to Sophia Cleans?
This is Ken Seely,
my favorite interventionist on intervention.
He looks like...
There's a little Jim Carrey.
There's a little Jim Carrey in there.
Don't get me wrong, I love my Candy Finnegan
and my James Van Vondren.
If only for his last name.
Van Vondren, come on.
That guy must have smoked a lot of crack.
He lost his last name.
This is another thing.
I was high again at a restaurant
and I was like, look at that beautiful chandelier.
The pictures never really work.
Look at this.
Look at these phone booths.
Look at all the wires in there.
How many things do you need for a phone?
Look at this thing.
I used to feel bad for phones.
I used to feel bad for phones too.
But then I woke up.
There's Seth Green at a signing
and this guy looks like Seth Green in disguise
so I took a picture.
I was so...
He looks a little like meth green.
There's people that asked me to draw stuff for Rick and Morty
so this is Morty sucking capitalism as a dick.
By the way,
if you're gay and you love to filate
or whatever, it doesn't...
Or a woman.
They've got enough problems.
I'm just...
I don't know, the whole dick-sucking thing
I just want to specify.
I want to put an asterisk on that.
It's really underrated.
I hope it's not a homophobic sentiment
when we keep telling each other that we suck dicks.
We'll take an audible on that
with our gay listeners.
I found out
the ultimate drug to take
at a signing is MDMA.
I took this little tiny hit
that Duncan Trussell gave me
and then we went to this signing.
I'm sorry if you were there with your family
and you had me sign a thing. I was rolling.
He licked my face.
The kids call Molly or whatever.
Sorry, but it was...
Why is that the ultimate drug? Why?
I usually take a little Adderall
to get through a signing.
It just makes me talk about myself a lot.
Right now, I'm on Adderall and vodka
and I'm going, look at me.
You're kind of abusive.
But MDMA
it's a perfect blend
because people are like, oh, I came from Phoenix
and you're like, wow, how is Phoenix?
Yeah.
And it's just enough.
You're not like, give me your phone number.
It's just like, oh, Phoenix is cool.
And it's like, it is the truth
and how you feel.
It's just hard to get to that place
in such a strenuous environment.
I read something online that Duncan Trussell
went off on a heckler
or something. Did you hear about this or whatever?
He was doing a show here at Andy Dick came.
Is that what you're talking about?
I don't know. Maybe this is old news.
Anyway, go back.
Speederscout.
Let's talk about more ecstasy.
You were on ecstasy
when you were talking to people?
Well, don't make it sound like that.
I was on ecstasy when I was signing
action figures.
Oh, yeah, look at this. I got one of these fucking things.
Stupid virus or something.
Oh, the system scan.
But then they took me in the back
and look, this guy made it.
He bought some kind of garbage speederscout.
It's not interesting.
Let's close the laptop.
What was the...
Man, the reason I opened it up
was because I thought I had an album
full of the mean shit that you text to me.
I don't text me.
Yeah, but...
Then I open the slack and then it's like
there's shit all over the place. There's the whole slates on there.
What do you mean?
You're making a Puff the Dragon movie?
I'm going to tell Holly Wookie.
Puff the Dragon out this fall.
All right, let's get down to business.
You're doing great.
We've cooled off the crowd.
All right, so...
How's it going, Schrab?
You were taking voice classes before?
I stopped for a bit
because I'm busy working on a rewrite
right now of a script I'm working on.
Okay, was your voice getting lower?
Um...
Yeah.
When do you break out the lower voice?
Like, what if you see somebody...
This is the lower voice.
You should hear it when it's not low.
If you see somebody from your past,
are you going to pick your old voice
or your new voice?
Like my mom?
Why would you see her?
Why would I see her?
Ever again?
Holidays and stuff?
I'll probably revert back
to my regular voice
that's talking through my nose and stuff.
Let's change the subject.
What do you think of this one?
What do you think of this?
All of a sudden I'm listening to you.
Do I command your attention?
He didn't even need a coach
for any of this.
He's just changing his voice all around.
I would like to do business with you.
All right.
I would like to give you business tips
and strategies.
Give me the top five business tips.
Tip number five for a direct
and communicative business strategy.
Close
before you open.
Too many closers claim
all right, it's 9-11.
It's a great tradition.
Yeah.
Close before you open.
Number four.
Always be closing.
I'm hearing
closing.
Like close.
Number three, listen carefully.
Number two, listening is for closers.
Number one, business tip
for a communicative business strategy
for success in the marketplace
in the modern era.
Open your ears
before you close.
You're listening.
This is great, great
vocal coach advice.
But now it's me.
This is what I sounded like before.
I have terrible business advice.
Oh my god.
I'm going to do the opposite of what you say.
So the top five
bad choices
in business.
These are the top five.
The bottom five
business strategies
for direct communicative business
environments.
Number five.
Reverse the order of your lists.
Start with
number one.
And make
that the worst one.
Descendant.
Number four.
Clarify.
For instance
you make
your points
come to
the...
It's like baby's fucking.
I like to watch babies cook.
I had a girlfriend
that wanted to
put clothes pins on her
nipples, but we never did it.
Ah.
Gross.
How do you pass up that opportunity?
They were her nipples, so
for me it would have been doing laundry.
It wasn't
like, oh, I've always wanted to...
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I'd want her to be happy, but I just...
Where do you get clothes pins?
I had a girlfriend
that had a tooth and her pussy.
Oh, no.
It was like a bone ridge, right?
Elaborate.
Don't use such a fancy word
for such a dirty moment.
Elaborate on this vaginal
tooth.
It was like a...
Yeah, I feel like a...
Yeah. Well, it was like
either like a tooth
or like a...
I would sometimes describe it as like...
a cat
finger.
Cats don't have fingers.
I'm telling you what it felt like.
And you only have the things
your dick has touched as a metric.
Lots of...
It was like a...
It was like a child's bonnet.
I didn't say that. Don't do that.
Don't do that. Don't do that.
See, I'm in the back of a child's bonnet.
A bonnet.
Like, child's...
Where's a bonnet?
Sorry. Okay.
Okay. Come on. Let's...
Are you guys watching the
Handmaid's Tale?
No.
I saw the original movie.
Oh, there was a... I didn't know there was another
adaptation of it. Robert DeVall back in
like, I want to say the 80s, late 80s.
I want those Handmaids!
That's my Robert DeVall impression.
You got to bring me those Handmaids.
You better bring me those Handmaids!
I just caught... This is... I just caught
Big Little Lies.
Many Big Little Lies ladies out there.
I watched the first one of those
and then I was like, I always give up
too quick on things. Like, I watched the first
of the first season of Fargo and then I was
like, it's too much like Fargo.
And then everyone's like...
I wanted something different from the
Fargo television series.
It was too much like
Fargo, the movie!
I mean, come on!
Then I watched the first Big Little Lies
and I was like, I...
I like all the people that are in it
and I liked... I was interested in all the stories,
but I just couldn't...
There's a penniness in me that's like...
I was like, when they kept cutting to the people
and like, she was stone cold,
you know what I mean? And I was like,
stop doing that. I don't like that.
I feel like creatively bullied by that.
Like, I feel like... I feel like
stop elbowing me. Like, so hard.
Like, just like fucking...
like, cup me.
What...
What do you mean, cup you?
I just sort of like, cup your balls.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like, support. Like, be there for the parts
of me that would otherwise sag
and like...
But don't like be like, huh?
Think about it. Like, no, you think about it.
You made a TV show.
Why do you even think about it?
Your elbow, you're hurting my ribs.
I just want to watch the show.
You don't think Nicole Kidman can carry a story
in a straight narrative?
Like, she's...
But I know, it's the petty part of me.
I will say, Patriot,
it's turned me around now
and I'm surprised.
There's no voice over in it, but
I get it. I'm an old fogey.
Like, if my craft is like Gilligan's Island
or Knight Rider and like, it doesn't...
It's modular and it's like,
it's from an old world and...
Next week we have Rob Corddry.
He's good.
He's a good...
He's a good guest.
He's a good version of a guest.
He's a good Rob.
Too easy.
How's your butt hole?
You...
My butt hole? How is my butt hole?
Yeah, you're offended.
How dare I mention your butt hole?
You've shared with us that you
obsess about your butt hole.
You've burnt it with a...
Is that true?
Okay, yeah. My butt hole is fine.
My butt hole is...
How did you burn your butt hole?
You haven't heard this story.
It's on the list.
No, I...
Dan, do you want to help me out here?
Schrab when he was a kid.
No. No.
You don't even know what I'm going to say.
Okay, fine.
When he was a kid,
I'm saying if I wrote the biopic about this...
Okay, okay, fade up, fade up.
Hold open before the titles.
Schrab when he was a kid,
he used to not wipe his butt very much or something.
Now, I will say either did I,
but I didn't go to this path.
Like, he...
And then when we were in our 20s,
I guess in the little comedy sports locker room,
someone looked at Schrab's underwear
and was like, what the fuck?
Don't you ever wipe your ass?
I was like, oh, wait,
I always used to say I felt like my butt was itchy
and my...
Your mom wouldn't say, then wipe your ass more.
Somehow you blamed your mom, but...
So in your 20s,
you started to...
Overcompensating.
You started going like, oh, you're supposed to keep your butt clean
and you kind of became like very embarrassed
and fastidious about your butt
and it became like kind of a fixation.
And so you started like
very fastidiously cleaning your butt,
taking a lot of showers every day.
And then you had a girlfriend that was supportive of that.
She got you a special shower head
that you could reach down there.
My wife.
And...
But she would...
She became my wife.
She worked at Bed Bath and Beyond.
Not really.
Kind of related.
She bought me like a shower snake.
Yeah.
After taking a shit,
I would have to take a shower and clean out my butt.
And then you started doing it with more and more hot water.
Because that's what I was taught.
How you get dishes clean.
Yeah, exactly. And it's not untrue.
It's not...
The hotter the temperature...
The tighter the sweater...
The boys depend on us.
Right.
So then you scalded your butt hole.
A little bit and most of my balls
and upper thigh region.
And then you went to the doctor.
And then the doctor said,
Holy shit, what did you do to yourself?
Good God, are we third?
And I don't know why I'm doing this.
But is it third degree? How burned?
Are we burned, burned? It was probably third degree.
Good God!
No, it was third degree.
I don't know what third degree is.
Third degree means Freddy Krueger.
Well, I mean, it wasn't third degree.
But it was enough that
the doctor went,
What did you do to yourself?
We were watching this...
We did a marathon
of the old Freddy Krueger show.
There was a show on in the 90s when
Nightmare on Elm Street 4 was out.
There was like the peak of Freddy Fever.
Like Freddy had like a breakfast cereal.
He was hosting Friday night videos and whatever.
And there was this show
called...
It's an anthology show.
It was like an anthology called
A Nightmare on Elm Street series.
No, no, no.
A Nightmare on Elm Street
colon
the series.
So there was like two colons in this show.
It was like a joke.
Freddy's Nightmares colon.
A Nightmare on Elm Street
colon the series.
We decided it must have been
a rights thing.
This wouldn't be a surprising thing
if there was people who had
the rights to Freddy the character
and then people who had the rights to Elm Street
or something.
Because that's what would happen with it
if any of you are old enough and none of you are.
That Friday the 13th had
an anthology series that didn't have
Jason Voorhees in it.
It was like a shop
of cursed objects.
Because
somebody owns Friday the 13th
and another
group owns Jason.
Which by the way, Friday the 13th
the series with that cursed antique shop
totally ripped off the Scooby-Doo
the 13 ghosts of Scooby-Doo.
Vincent Price hired
Scooby and Shaggy to work at his store
or whatever and they dropped a vase
or something and he's like,
no, that had ghosts in it.
I want you to go out and round
up those ghosts.
How many are there?
As many as in a
standard network
order.
But also a very spooky number.
13.
In the 13th episode
do you think Scooby brings in the
ghost and then he drops the back
nine ghosts?
Go get the back nine ghosts
for a total of 24.
Those are the mid-season
ghosts.
You counted the pilot ghosts.
Everyone does that.
You're not supposed to do that.
Anyways.
If you're out there and you created
Friday the 13th the series, you know
what you did.
But also
the
Night of the Living Dead franchise
we met
with George Romero when we were much
younger.
It was interesting.
One of the things that was fascinating was hearing
how the reason
that movie is famous
was because of a bunch of mishaps.
It was originally called Night of the
Flesh Eaters and at the last minute
they changed the name, the title
card, but they forgot
to put copyright information on it
and it became public domain.
That's why everybody was allowed to put it
at their drive-in theaters for free.
So they all did, which was the ultimate
distribution tool.
The most famous, most successful
making movie in the world, but Romero
didn't really get any money.
They didn't make any money. That's why they've been remaking it
every 10 years.
The other reason why you notice with the Night of the Living Dead
it's splintered into
I think Rubenstein
owned.
How did it divide?
Anything that's of the dead is
Romero's property and anything
that's a time of the day
is...
Living Dead is owned by...
I don't believe it. Anybody, horror fans out there?
Who?
What are you looking for?
What am I looking for?
Well, because they don't want to advertise false
expertise and...
What?
That's helpful.
What did he say?
Sharpie Buttsalot.
I'm just jumping out stuff.
Anything to stretch the time at this point.
I got so nervous
about the visuals, I was like
can I see photos of my dog and
everybody's like, yeah, but not if you
use the trackpad or something
and I was like, oh god, what are we going to do?
And then the first 10 minutes it's like, just burnt out
our energy with all those visuals. There's a mannequin
with pantyhose on it.
Now what are we doing? It's like
listening to a golf tournament.
People enjoy that.
Harmon moves up to the bit.
Stands in front of the bit.
There's a cricket in here.
Is there a cricket in here?
Yeah, it sounds like it's over there.
Well, that's nice. Maybe that's the meltdown
cricket he followed us.
People always think it's a fan.
It's a fucking cricket.
Ladies can be crickets.
Oh, shit.
There's a secret might drop.
I haven't dropped it yet.
No, no, I haven't dropped it yet.
What are we talking about? Horror movies, Freddy Krueger,
and your butthole.
Yeah, you know, my grandpa
had third degree birds all over his body.
He's gone now, but he
blew up in an oil tank.
Not in the war, but after he got back.
He was already a pretty old guy.
He was already my grandpa.
And he blew up
while he was welding
the inside of a gas tank.
Oh, don't do that.
Underneath gas stations.
If you do that, no, no, no, don't do that.
If you were to
excavate all the earth around a gas station,
you'd see these giant tanks where all the gas
goes down there and they need maintenance down there.
So I guess you go down with a blow torch
and sometimes they haven't left the fan on
long enough overnight to get all those gas fumes out of there.
Big explosion.
They said that the tools were melted
to the floor of the gas tank.
That's how hot it was in there.
The rungs of the ladder to get out were like melted.
And he was in there as a human being
made of meat.
And I remember
being a kid and going to the hospital
and being terrified
of my own grandpa.
And he was like, don't be scared.
Which I thought was kind of cool
because he should have been like ouch.
And he was
worried about me being scared.
He should have been like, be scared.
I'm terrified.
Go to college.
And not for welding.
But he
ended up
by the time he died, he looked
totally...
You would never have known from looking at him.
But I thought it was like 90% of his body
was like third degree burns. So I don't even understand
how they did that. There was the talk of skin graft
from his butt or something. But like, can you
skin graft and wait for skin
to grow back? Why are you asking me?
I don't know. What am I supposed to ask
the fucking surgeon general?
Yes, you can do that.
It's an out loud rhetorical question.
His question, settlement?
You know what?
I don't think so.
I never even heard a thing about that.
Somebody should have said something.
Don't do that.
Maybe it was like his idea
to go in while there was gas in there or something
so he couldn't sue anybody. I don't know.
Don't do it!
I want to go down there.
I want to do some welding.
No, come on.
The fans!
Don't do it!
I'm sure he would have been like, no,
I'm not going to sue him.
He lied about his age to go fight
World War II.
Couldn't get in there fast enough.
I'm sure he didn't want to.
Maybe the lawyer called him
and he'd probably be like, fuck you.
Good God. The Harmon's cut from a steel cloth.
Yeah.
That generation's all gone now.
It's all pussies now.
Hey, what is the hardest?
The manlier your grandparents are.
The more...
It's like the microcosm of the nation
that protected us and fought Nazis for real.
Yeah, and then we joined
improv troops when we're 35.
Just compliant improv.
This twinkie's too soft.
I want my money back.
We take you to this intelligentsia.
Hey, uh...
I'm going to hashtag this twinkie
until you get sued and fired.
I'm a snowflake.
Who, like, has the hardest job
in your family?
Definitely me.
Really?
Hardest job.
Who followed in his footsteps?
I'd have to say the next
closest manliest thing
would be my uncle that airbrushes
the sides of vans.
What?
There's really nobody...
I'm sure somebody's offended in my family
listening, but I can't...
Didn't he do a jacket?
Didn't he airbrush a jacket for you?
He airbrushed lots of jackets.
Now he's passed away.
He got brain cancer.
So lucky.
What?
Sorry, it's been a rough week.
No, I don't...
It's not a...
It was my great-grandma
Buscha.
Buscha's Polish for grandma.
She's the son of Mima.
But Buscha...
She was...
I think it's okay to say
she murdered a guy.
She was a vaudevillian
and she probably murdered a guy
in the Navy.
But I'm sure he deserved it.
Break this shit down.
Like, she did it with her act
or she did it in the middle of an act.
I told the story before.
I feel like every time I go back
to my parents, I find out I'm wrong
about all these details.
But I felt like my great-grandma
she was like...
She was living with a guy
or he was like...
I just remember the story
was that people were watching a football game
and then they broke into the football game
and said like an 83-year-old woman
is being questioned in the
stabbing death of a man
and everyone joked like,
83, that's gotta be grandma Buscha.
Because
she was just like a...
She was really salty.
Very, very salty.
I've told the stories
about her that I have.
They questioned her and she said
he fell on the scissors several times
and
they let her go
I assume because they were like
she's almost dead and then she lived
for like 20 more years
leaving a trail of bodies
as long as the Route 66.
But she, along the way
between that and her natural death
at like very late 90s
if not, I think she might have broke 100, did she?
Maybe, I don't know.
But between that
questioning for the homicide
and the actual death, she got her throat
slashed by somebody that broke into her house
to take her microwave because she owed them money.
Shit!
And there's like a...
I've talked about this, I've talked about this.
Yeah, I didn't know about this.
No wonder why we moved
to Burbank.
So you can start your criminal empire.
My parents have the news footage
on VHS of the
doctor because it's like she got
her throat slashed.
And she hung out
at her house bleeding.
After her throat was slashed?
And then she realized nobody was going to be around for a while
after a neck and a towel
and walked to the hospital.
And then
it was like
there's news footage of
they go like a woman
got her throat slashed and then walked herself to the hospital
with a towel wrapped around her neck.
And then they show like an interview
in the hospital lobby with the doctor
who performed the stitching.
And he's
doing this interview and he's like
he's going like
a woman
came in
a woman came in
her
throat had been
slashed.
She was 91
years old, whatever older she was.
I stitched it closed.
He's like marvel.
He's like am I a genius?
Or is she Frankenstein's monster?
I don't know what he's like
he's trying to figure it out.
What was going to happen in school?
But he's like I did what I'm supposed to do.
It's not supposed to
work under those circumstances.
But you know I took an oath
to try and it worked
and she left.
She walked out.
He's like he's going like
that's the answer to your question.
I know you're going to not believe me,
but he's like
he's just marveling at it and he's a doctor.
He's seen it all.
And she used to
and I don't want to slander her because
she's lived it.
She'll come back and fuck you up.
She used to hit.
She was very amorous with the
grandkids stuff.
She liked young men and
she went out
functional.
She was like
she wasn't like retired
in the
sexual department.
She liked to get down.
She would like nude sunbathe
or like 95 year old took us
in the sun.
With the battle scar.
Beautiful visual for all the
home listeners.
And she was a vaudevillian and my parents would always tell me
you're the other performer in the family.
You should talk to grandma Boucher about vaudeville
and everybody was like you should talk to grandma Boucher
about vaudeville and I finally
went up to her at Easter
and said grandma Boucher what was vaudeville like?
It was good.
Vaudeville was the best.
Yeah
she was like
what do you want to know?
What was it like?
It was a stage.
She was just like
fuck you man, fuck you.
I didn't even want to ask.
I could go ask grandpa
about Iwo Jima next.
I'm just doing this for you guys.
I don't know what these words mean.
How was making your own baseball
out of cork?
Uncle Tony told me to ask.
Apparently the answer is
it's hard, it's easy.
I'm seven.
Well you take the cork
and you wrap string around it.
I'm going to appreciate this
when I'm almost dead.
That's when I'm going to be like whoa making your own baseball
holy shit.
It's going to take a while
for me to appreciate this stuff.
I think you'd appreciate the fucking knife thing more.
That is crazy.
Did they catch the guy who did that?
It was a woman.
Yeah because it was a microwave.
So that makes sense.
Because women use microwaves.
Oh hate me.
I got to defrost this stuff.
I got to defrost this fruit.
Gimme this.
I'll give you back my microwave.
I got to defrost this fruit.
Mosha.
Gimme the microwave. I got to defrost this fruit.
No, no, no.
Scissors mother fuck.
Cutting your throat.
Gimme that. I'm going to defrost this fruit
and plug it in in my kitchen.
I can't get the door open.
I'm going to defrost this fruit.
I'm going to defrost this fruit
in my butcher's microwave.
This is my house.
I'm going to plug it in.
Okay.
I want some grapes.
And some banana slices.
Two minutes should probably do it.
We'll fast forward.
Nope, nope, not enough.
Meanwhile, at the board of
banana and grape farmers
gentlemen, we have a problem.
The microwave culture is upon us
and our fruit takes too long to microwave.
It takes too long.
I'm willing to kill people.
Jesus, it's a nice, wielding woman.
Give me some.
Don't freeze it anymore. Why you got to freeze it?
Just take it off the tree.
Put it in a bowl and give it to me.
I'm starving.
Oh, you're so strong.
Your hands are so strong.
Oh, your hands are so strong.
They look like little bananas.
No, God, no.
I know you love them so much
that you'll stab them.
Oh, my throat.
I'm taking every banana.
Oh, and every grape.
And I'm going to run away
and they're already defrosted.
Get me a towel.
I know how this works.
Why am I dying?
Because you know, got that bush of blood.
And that's how it happened.
Yeah, you can't kill a Harmon, I guess.
They don't really die.
I mean, not before like a thousand or whatever.
I mean, when you drink yourself to death,
you're maybe like...
Midwest people got good genes.
You know, we live long.
We don't want to.
But we live long.
Yeah.
I know.
What kind of life is it?
You get these like erasers on your collar bone,
like fucking skin tags and stuff
if you're Polish descended.
I have these things like come off
and look like little fucking erasers
and then I'll be like, is that cancer?
And then like a week later, fall off
or something when I sleep.
Hair growing out of your ears.
And your nose.
Nose fills up with barbed wire.
Ears getting all big.
That ear thing really freaks me out.
You see people's giant ass ears.
Why do your ears get so big?
Your head actually shrinks.
Are you doing a bit?
Your head shrinks?
Your head gets smaller and your ears stay the same.
Shut up.
It's because it's like soft tissue
and it's gravity.
But it's like you think they would just
lower, you know, like they just like droop
lower? Like how come the tops of them
you look like Ferengi.
You get old enough.
Isn't that the right alien I'm thinking of?
Yeah, you're looking at a senator.
Hey, is it pronounced omniscient
or omniscient?
You can pronounce it
omniscient. Don't take my girlfriend's side.
Hahaha.
There's a lot of words
I only learned in print.
My dad always used to say
measure instead of measure
and be a real asshole about it
and he'd get out the dictionary
and see there's a little line
over the A in the pronunciation
guide. It's major
and then everyone would hate him.
Then he moved
to Columbia.
My dad would say,
he's alive.
My dad says
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
What the fuck is that? What moon
is he from?
People in St. Louis say
Warsh and Fark. My dad says
Quata and Warsh, but he's not
from fucking Delaware or anything, but he says
Warsh sometimes.
Antaner is another one.
Look at that car, Antaner.
Like a R? No.
People malign me for my
pronunciation of the word baggle,
but I don't
ever, what's that?
Baggle. Whatever.
Baggle, baggle, baggle.
My dad did? No, he didn't.
You didn't deserve that.
You didn't.
All right.
Spencer,
what about your
Ham grandma, your baloney grandma?
Oh, my baloney grandma.
Spencer's got kind of a nutty
grandma. Is she still with us?
My baloney's got a first name.
It's G-R-A-M-A.
Can you tell us a little bit about your
baloney grandma? Yeah, no, she's still
with us. Where is she right now?
She's behind you.
Oh, no.
She went crazy.
She has had bipolar
disorder, but
New space, new jokes.
But most recently, it's manifested
in pyromancy.
No, pyromania. What?
Pyromancy's magical creation
of fire.
Does she wave her hands in a
magical manner? Yeah.
She knows burning hands.
Whoa.
No, okay, so she ended up getting
kicked out of my grandpa's house
because she would... Were they related?
By marriage, yeah.
She would strike matches
and throw them onto the ground
where there was sometimes carpet.
She would light on pieces
of paper on fire and just toss them
into waste paper baskets and walk away.
Now, I'm going to say something to you
that really fed me up when I would tell
people about Boucher.
But
I feel, that sounds like the coolest
grandma ever.
She's setting fires.
I'd put people to be like,
your grandma stabbed a guy, that's amazing.
When your grandpa was like,
oh, what the fuck are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you going to do about it?
Are you going to stop me?
It would have been cool if we saw that.
Your grandma had...
Don't light the garbage on fire.
She had adult
onset pyromania.
Yeah, I don't know.
How far?
How far did it go?
What's the biggest shit she ever burned out?
To the top, right?
No, I don't know. I don't think she really burnt anything down.
It was weird. I don't understand it,
but it was basically explained as a compulsion.
She just did it for fun
and absentmindedly.
She didn't really clock that she was doing it.
But who knows?
She was like Donald Sutherland's character in Backdraft.
That's what I was telling my mom.
Yeah.
Grandma, what would you do if we let you out?
Burn it. Burn it all.
But
she decided she wanted to own a hostel.
So she moved to Nevada
and she bought a hostel.
It's bad.
She's gone kind of nuts.
One time the police picked her up in Sacramento
because she was just handing out $20 bills
on the corner.
Hey, stop doing that!
What are you doing?
I'm not doing anything.
Hey, hey!
Stop it.
I'm going to arrest you for handing out $20 bills.
Will you arrest me
if I don't wave this 20 past your eyes?
Are you trying to
anti-bride me?
Yeah.
But when she set up the hostel,
it was like with swindlers
because usually it's good people
that want to own a hostel, I think.
But these were swindlers
and they took a bunch of money from her.
But no, we were going to get lunch
to visit her one time because it was crazy.
The whole state of Nevada
smells like cigarette smoke, by the way.
But we were driving around
looking for food and she was like,
oh, you want food? I can help you out.
And we were like, oh, what a
ominous sense.
And she reaches
into her own
on her foot boot
and pulls out a package
of 79-set Carl
Buttig Honey Baked Ham.
Oh, no.
And I don't know what it says
about her circulation
or about, I don't know,
thermodynamics, but it was still frozen.
No.
Despite, like, no meat in my shoe
would stay frozen.
Yo, your grandma's
your grandma's circulation is so poor
she could keep cold cuts
in her boot. Grandma, come on.
Come out to the car. We're leaving.
One second.
To camera.
I'm probably going to need this.
Just in case
just in case
the opportunity arises.
You got a crazy grandma, Brandon?
I mean, no.
I don't either.
My grandma was the head of the Democratic Party
for Missouri.
Yay.
There is no
I wish
now, though, I do kind of wish
that she'd had some fucked-up shit
just to be in, you know, the company of.
It would be useful for this exact scenario.
Yeah.
Why is your family so political?
You have a sister that's like a hardcore activist, right?
My sister's pretty nuts. She'll call me from
fucked-up locations.
They shouldn't.
It's the craziest.
It's the craziest thing.
You said your sister has a hard time
earning her way into these troubled spots
because she
has a very put-together
vibe and
you could take it from me anytime
before I stick my foot in my mouth.
No, no, no.
I love your diatribes on black women.
You know, we came from the suburbs
so when you're trying to help people
in a different neighborhood and they hear you
talk like this, it can be a little
confusing.
Unless you're like, the last time they had
some shit like this was on the Jefferson's
when they would go down to the Help Center.
Do you remember that?
Oh, those episodes, what?
I thought he just ran a laundromat.
All the old black people over 65 were referencing
the Jefferson's.
They would go down to the Help Center.
Yeah, on the Jefferson's they used to go down
because they were rich black people so they felt
like the Help Center and they would do all sorts
of shit.
That seems like a shark jump, though.
I thought George Jefferson was kind of a stingy
like...
This is that storytelling that you crave so much.
The Jefferson's definitely
were not like the Freddy Krueger the series
show.
We had Norman Lear on the show.
She goes into some crazy locations
where when they hear her talk
they're a little suspect.
She might be saying
put your hand out my pocket.
Yeah, she's there to create a diversion.
Yeah.
Yeah, what the fuck are we going to do?
I heard the March
the latest March went well.
The climate March.
Yeah, it went well.
The climate's better now.
But good turnout
or whatever.
I was
looking on Twitter
and just
watching the
conservative tweeters going
like, what are they going to have a March
every week?
So far, yeah.
There's May Day tomorrow, so
yeah.
Yeah.
And with the looming
writer's strike, it's kind of an important
May Day. Or is the Trump supporters
like to call it Loyalty Day?
Well, let me lay my ignorance
on the altar for the benefit of
everyone listening so you can explain what May Day
is to me. I have no idea
what it is. What is May Day?
I could be totally wrong, but I thought May Day
was International Workers Day, right?
All right, see, I'm glad I asked.
I'm brave
for admitting I don't know anything.
You are brave.
I'll tell you everything I know about America
in five minutes. Let me time myself.
I'll take you through the whole
history of the country. Okay, here we go.
Let's see.
I can make this a new segment.
Stopwatch. Okay, I'm going to go...
I'm going to set it wait.
We're going to say two minutes to figure out how my phone works.
And then...
Nope, zero hours.
Let's try it this way.
Let's just say...
Hey, Siri.
Hey, Siri!
Hey, can you
set a five-minute timer, please?
Okay.
Five minutes and counting.
In 1492,
Columbus came over,
and there were three other boats,
and then they landed on Plymouth Rock,
and then they had Thanksgiving with all the pilgrims
and the Indians that were here already.
And then the Salem people
came over, and they were a peerage,
and so they burned all the witches because they were on LSD.
And then
things just kind of blossomed from there,
and they were always eating potatoes and corn,
and it was fine.
But there was taxation without representation,
so we started to get ornery,
so a bunch of the college-educated folk got together
in a place that had a broken bell,
or they broke it later,
and they said,
we should give tyranny your death
or give it to me that way in that order.
And then
they did the Declaration of Independence,
and then England was like, you can't do that,
and they came over and they had red coats,
and they were like, I don't know if I see it.
And then we won because they were tired,
and
King George was mad,
and so they were like,
fine, good luck having a country, whatever.
And then we were like, fine.
And then 1812 happened, and there was a war
that no one understands with Canada or something.
And then the whole time
there were slaves, the whole time we were
just going to Africa and going,
these people seemed like they wouldn't know
what fair pay was,
and they were like, okay, let's do it.
And they were like, how much am I bid for this?
And that was kind of fucked up,
and I don't want to dwell on this part, but...
No one ever does.
I got three minutes,
three minutes and 20 seconds left.
We're almost done.
I was like...
And then that one guy
was a slave for 12 years,
and then he got freaked out.
And...
And then Abraham Lincoln,
who I think,
some people say was
half black, but
that's maybe a conspiracy theory,
but he was running for president,
and he was like, we should free the slaves,
and then there was a federalist movement,
and then the south states were like,
you shouldn't do that.
We built the whole country on slavery,
and now you're saying you just want to use
the pants we made for free
for black people, and then you don't want to,
but you want to read poetry in them,
just because you made a machine that can make pants now?
That's not fair.
We were like, we don't care, you're dumb,
and your teeth look dumb.
And let's go to war.
And then we fought,
and then Abraham Lincoln halfway through the war
was like, by the way, the slaves are free.
And we were like, yay!
And then France was like, I'm going to do it too then,
because I hate everything.
And then that's why we won,
because we were the north one,
not we, the federalist one,
and then we unified the country,
and then Abraham Lincoln got shot,
and then it was spending too long on that two-year period.
So then everything was fine,
and we ate potatoes and corn and stuff,
and then we made a bunch of smokestacks,
and then Henry Ford was like,
what if you did pay people,
but if you paid them so little,
they were basically slaves anyway,
and you made each person do one little thing,
and then you bought everything.
But I made the light bulb,
and he's like, no,
and then everybody was making things
for a while, everybody's making stuff,
and then
because everybody was making things,
they knew how to put gunpowder
into smaller compartments,
and so everybody was like, I can't wait to use these,
I can't use them, because we're not in a war,
and everybody was like, I know, right?
I want to use it.
And then Archduke Ferdinand was like,
what happened?
I'm freezing for me, I can't wait forever.
Everybody was like, boom, boom, boom, boom,
and they're like, mustard gas,
shoot them in the kneecaps,
and it was like fucked up,
and all quiet in the western front,
people were eating rats,
and everybody had herpes all over their face,
and everybody died at 35,
but they wrote nice poetry,
and it was kind of like nice quiet people,
they didn't talk about it,
they did trenches everywhere, and were done,
and then there was peace for a while,
and they didn't eat shit, because you caused this,
and they were like, well, we're kind of sick of hearing that,
and then Hitler's like, Jews, am I right?
And they were like, yeah.
And then everybody was like, here we go again,
except America was like, yeah, we'll be right with you,
cash on the barrel head for bullets and oil,
and England was like, for real?
And we were like, yeah, you shouldn't have fucked with us
in the first place, should have let us go back in 1612,
or something, and they were like,
that's fucked up weird justification,
but okay, we'll just hang out in the subway while they bomb us,
hello, and then we were like, and profit,
and then we're like, we won the war,
you owe us a billion dollars, and everyone was like,
yay, and we formed the United Nations,
we're like, plan an America, and everyone was like,
that's great, and we're like, the next 50 years
is all planned out, and then we just went 50 years,
and everybody got better shoes, and TV shows,
and built skyscrapers, and then,
the meanwhile, the Middle East was like,
what about us, and we were like,
we can't hear you, make us our oil,
and then they were like, not they,
but some of the, okay, that's where we are now,
that's my five minutes.
I don't know why you're,
I mean, I know you're applauding that,
because it's a thing that ended that lasted five minutes,
but it wasn't a good thing,
it's like, it really is, it's not like I was rushing,
it's like, that was all the information I have,
like, I don't really have, like, extra details,
like, you know, like, Greg Proops knows
stuff about Cleopatra and stuff.
She was from Iowa.
Now, you do it.
You do it.
No, okay, now I'm good.
Are you sad? Are you sad?
You seem a little sad.
No, I'm good, I'm good, I'm fine.
Why?
I don't know, you sounded sad.
Just now? Yeah, I was like, you did it,
and you were like, no, I don't want to.
Well, you wish the show was a little shorter.
Well, that was exhausting.
It's a big country.
Sure is, man.
On this episode of Friends.
Well, are you going to bail out
on our Thursday night
hangout again?
You know, you have a right to text me
when we're, are you,
do you just wait for me to ask you
if we're going to hang out on Thursdays?
No, Steve Levy scheduled it.
It's like, comes up
in my calendar saying
like, weekly
hangout with Harmon. Yeah.
Mine says, Schrab. Right.
And you bailed last week.
Well, but to find that,
I never even got a text from you.
Steve Levy told me,
he said, Dan can't make it tonight.
And I said, okay, I figured
he, you guys are talking to each other.
Oh, shit. Here comes Steve Levy.
Where is he?
What's up, Steve Levy?
Doesn't matter.
So wait a minute, wait a minute.
You were, you were available Thursday
and you just found out now
that you canceled? No, I think I was doing something,
but I can't remember, but it doesn't, it doesn't matter.
We, we, we stretched until 10, 10 p.m.
It was Cody's family
came to town. Cody's family
came to town. Oh yeah, yeah.
I went out with Cody's family. Okay.
That's where that chandelier picture was.
Okay, great. Moving on.
She's out of here. Are you going to bail?
Hey, she, she left her,
she left her purse though, so.
Yeah. Open the purse.
Open the purse.
Open it. Open it.
And he's going to go over
her much publicized blog.
Open Taken Shits at Harmontown.
A look, a look from the can
at the cans and canots.
Don't look in the purse.
Reach in and grab
grab the first thing.
And then read it.
That is totally okay.
I don't actually know that
Annie's taking a shit. That's an invasion
of her privacy. It could be a,
it could be a peepee, a cigarette. She might vape.
We don't know.
She could be a crime fighter.
What's it say? What's it say?
Oh, it's a phone. What does it say?
Are you going through her shit?
You're her friend, are you her friend?
Well, Rob told her to.
It is.
What? No, we can't play D&D.
Yeah, let's bring out Jeff.
Maybe next week we'll...
We'll think about it.
I said the same thing.
Next week we'll...
Why don't you play...
I don't know how many shows Jeff's going to miss.
Why don't you play Dragons and Dungeons?
All right.
Let's do a quality,
concise goodbye wrap
for our first show here.
Let's make it good.
Sure, I make it good.
And jump in there
because you're better at it and that's not racist.
It's based on friendship.
It's not a snap judgment I'm making.
You're very good at it.
You should jump in there.
I have to pee so bad.
Will Schrab be joining us as well?
Schrab's going to come in with...
Samples.
From various films and television.
Jam.
Chick jam.
Chick jam, jam.
Get the ham, ham.
Put the beef in the pants.
Motherfuckers get pants in.
In the place to...
pee.
I'm going to fuck your mama like me.
Okay, no more.
No more mama fucking.
Yo, my name is MC...
microphone.
In the rap game, I am known as...
all alone.
Because I don't spend a lot of time on my name.
Because rhyming is the majority of my game.
I don't believe in self-promotion.
I only believe in the rapping motion.
I like to move my lips in my little tiny tongue.
I fucked your mama so hard she became a nun.
Afterward.
Not because she was traumatized.
I like to think I spiritualized her pussy.
With my dick.
And gave each titi a lick.
And when I did, it was a trinity.
And I fucked her so hard she wants more of me.
So I'm going over there next Wednesday,
as my dad would say.
Take it!
I don't know if I could beat that.
I beat your mom's room for baseball bat.
Next Wednesday, Tuesday.
We getting down, got her on her knee.
No more fucking mamas.
Mamas need a lot of respect.
Mama wrote you the damn first check.
Mama gave you your first kiss on your lips.
You used to hug your mom round the hips.
Mama, stay in school and drink your milk.
No more fucking mamas.
Mamas need some respect.
Outer space.
On the moon.
Don't fuck your mama.
It's cocoon.
All the old people.
Come with me.
Go to a place with one-six gravity.
Gonna bounce around.
What we don't fuck your mama.
Gonna ride with Yamaha.
Scooters.
Face in your face.
on your plates hot dogs in your hands everybody join my bands I'm gonna fly
up high gonna fuck your mama like pie no I'm not wait a minute no sorry we had
an agreement it was written in the cement maybe we can do it just for the
dads tonight fuck a dad tonight everything not all right fuck your dad
tonight oh time to fuck dad's I took your dad out I took your dad out I took
your dad out and I danced with him did you fuck the dad in the tight black
socks yes I did yes I did did you fuck the dad as he tried to move along yes
I did yes I did did you fucking dad to the break of dawn to the break of dawn I
did you fuck the dad even though he had a bad back bad back bad back yes I did
yes I did did you fuck the dad and that's why you dance like that do this
track yes I did yes it is the audience can do the dad dance maybe the audience
can do the dad dance you shake your dad heads you just put your fists like this
90 degrees to your elbows
somebody's gonna get grounded shake it to the left shake it to the right get up
on lawn tonight go into the street turn off the lights not paying to light
everybody where's my cake but deal yeah it's father's day creep show I want my
cake but deal yeah where's my cake health insurance single pair you got me
this time last year you got me this time last year you should accept that I'm
queer and stop buying stock and John Deere because they fund bright Bart I
assume you probably don't I don't think that's defamation I'm sure a snowblower
company probably advertises and bright Bart hey don't fuck you dad no dude do
fuck you so hold on sorry sorry sorry just give me a second sorry sorry we're
running late tonight it's just okay hey don't fuck your mom fuck your dad all
night long move it to the left move it to the right what a lazy rap tonight like
they're always good fuck your dad like a piece of wood I went up his butt came
out his mouth went in his ear and went down south to his pubic area gave it a
lick moved up his balls to the tip of his dick put it in my mouth until he came
then I won the game called daddy fucking don't pass go give $200 you know to
blow your dad to Geronimo blows it's come like a volcano into my tummy yum yum
yummy gonna put it out and then play gin rummy with your dad
all right that's good enough that has been home in town ladies and gentlemen
Dan Harmon I've been your guest comptroller Brandon Johnson we all
love microwaves we all love microwaves Kris Boruff Steve Levy Kevin Day
Zach McKever is back there making sure all the equipment is good maybe I should
turn that off yeah yeah all right fine he's gonna go the bathroom thanks for
coming we'll see it we'll see you next week did you get any of that
it's a good show